+++
tags = ["tsuyu", "status","dci","pet","ants","daughters","work","yard","manual-lens"]
slug = "whats-up"
draft = "false"
date = "2017-06-21T19:17:48+09:00"
title = "What's Up"
+++

Been super busy. It's full-on rainy season or "tsuyu" and the hydrangeas are out (beautiful). Here's what's been up... 

<!--more-->

Our oldest, the Ky, has been adjusting to working in the "real world". She's doing well selling mobile phones at an electronics retailer. Seems like the place has a lot of integrity, though, which is a nice thing to hear. Our youngest, the Ju, is trying to figure out what she wants to do, and focus at college. It's a time of experimentation for her. I remember that time. 

Akiko passed another Korean language test. Proud of her!

As usual, summer brings massive plant growth, busy birds and bats, and lots of critters. We have a large number of ants in the garden, and unfortunately they decided to visit our house. I've been feeding them poison, that they are supposed to bring back to their hill, and share. And then die. But it does not seem to have made a dent, and, our dog chacha must have tried eating some of it, because she got really sick. Poor thing. I was so upset, but fortunately she seems to be ok now. Now I am being careful to place the poison so the ants can get it, but dogs cannot. 

The bamboo is the bamboo. As always, it grows _so_ fast. We are cutting it, and I even used a chain saw on it. But that's rather difficult due to how hard and waxy bamboo is. Especially dead or dying bamboo. You need to cut it when it's young. Sapling bamboo is soft and you can chop it right off. 

Work is busy. Besides actual client work, we are refreshing our internal phone system. Summer brings humidity, which means we see a lot of equipment failures. This means, emergencies that need to be fixed yesterday. There's not enough time in the day, but, business is good. 

As for hobbies, I'm trying photographing with "vintage lenses". They are all manual and a lot of fun to try. It's way more of a challenge to photograph things using manual focus, but it's a test of whether you really know what you are doing, or not. The old lenses are really well made; so solid and heavy. I have a 71 year old, a 61 year old, and a 45 year old. Unbelievable that they still work.  

Also, keeping up the running as well. I am going to try "intermittent fasting". We'll see how it goes. 

Oh, and it's DRUM CORPS SEASON. There are a lot of differences from when I marched, but I still love it, and wish all the young members the best, this season. 

:dog: :bamboo: :leaves: :kr: :two_women_holding_hands: :camera: :running: :notes: :trumpet:   
